      "Developed by ryshaw\nArt by HelloCrystxl\nMusic by Gabyyu",
      "Painting: The Midnight Ride of Paul Revere (1931) by Grant Wood",
      "Historical references: paulreverehouse.org & en.wikipedia.org",

      "The British colony of Massachusetts. The night of April 18, 1775. " +
      "Tensions were at a boiling point, and British soldiers were preparing to take action. " +
      "Paul Revere, a member of the Sons of Liberty, was informed of British plans to arrest " +
      "John Hancock and Samuel Adams in Lexington as well as seize the military stores stockpiled in Concord. " +
      "While the rumor of arrest was not accurate, British troops were about to embark from Boston.";

            "Revere contacted a friend to light up two lanterns in a church tower, to indicate to the " +
      "other Sons of Liberty that the British planned to travel by sea, not by land. He then " +
      "departed and rowed across the river under cover of darkness, borrowing a horse and setting off to " +
      "alert as many militia and Patriots as he could from Boston until Lexington.";

       "History tells us the rest of the story. The early morning of April 19, 1775, Patriot militias had " +
      "gathered in Lexington to oppose the British army. Gunshots were fired, " +
      "in what Ralph Waldo Emerson calls 'the shot heard round the world', " +
      "and the American Revolutionary War had erupted. The United States of America as we know it  " +
      "would be established in Philadelphia a year later, and it all started with a midnight ride.";

           "Easy Mode"
           "Five lives. Fewer British patrols around the town.

      "Give Me Death!"
      "One life to live. Normal amount of British patrols."

            "Hover over an option to see details",

      "Controls:",
      "WASD/arrow keys to move, Space to alert house\nM to mute music, N to mute sound effects",

      "Select a difficulty option before starting game"
           
            "Give Me Liberty",
"Three lives. Normal amount of British patrols."