Startracer Corp
"We only send our best!"

One day, while doing whatever activities humans do in the 24th century, you receive an email stating that one of your far-off relatives on a distant planet has passed away. In his will, he left his starship to you, and now you need to pay all sorts of fees to have it delivered to you. You skim the email, mark it as spam, and move on with your life.

A couple weeks later, you're contacted by a planetary bureaucrat, who claims that your relative's motley ship has been sitting in a depot for months. It's been racking up registration and parking fines, but they're willing to forgive the fees if you come take it off their hands. The bureaucrat faintly recommends just scrapping it due to the ship's raggedy condition, but you decide it's time for a change of pace.

You pack up your life, make amends, and burn bridges, then head off to distant space to scoop up your relative's DIY project. To call this heap of metal a functional starship is a bold claim, but with the help of a local mechanic or two, it's finally able to fly. With debts to pay and outer reaches of space to explore, you decide to enroll in the premier interstellar trucking company, Celestial Express. Unfortunately, they immediately reject you due to your vehicle being "unsafe" and a "huge insurance risk", so you turn to the second-rate option, Startracer Corp.

A Startracer customer representative happily sets you up as an independent contractor. You sign a lengthy, dubious contract, then receive the Startracer insignia to put on your ship. (Although the representative asks that the insignia be covered while traveling in distant space, so as to not draw attention from pirates.) Finally, you create your profile on the Startracer app, and the representative explains that if you have any further questions, the AI chatbot can assist you. She logs off, and you immediately try to open the chatbot, but the app crashes.

With a sigh, you let the app restart. You decide to take your first contract and begin your new life. While you wait for the app's unnecessary loading times, you reminisce about your past leading up to this moment. Before you stumbled upon this ship, you were...

1. A deep space miner making a living and not much else.
2. A local government official keeping the status quo.
3. A mercenary enlisted in one of the various private military companies.
4. A worker on a merchant marine ship, making 0.57% of the total profit.
5. A student in postgrad, wanting to pushing the boundaries of your field.
6. An entrepreneur choosing your own destiny.

Skills
Weaponry
Trading
Diplomacy
Hacking
Survival
Luck